Good wine. I'll toast.
I'm a translator.
Drinking too much is wrong.
Maybe we should start talking about the project now.
Interpreting is not important.
The important thing is to make us happy.
You see people respect you.
You can't deny people their faces.
There's nothing to talk about cooperation.
Why do you blame me?
Why are you calling?
Have a drink with me.
I can't drink anymore.
What does Secretary Lam mean?
My husband gave me a nose.
Dear, you came home so early today.
I suddenly miss you.
Who?
You also said why you hung up when you got off the phone.
No one answered.
Honey, where are you going tonight?
I'm going to take care of something.
Rest early
This is more than midnight blood to directly call what?
Let's just say there's no mind to him.